Dominique Pozo: Meeting with Dominique and Martin price 389012682
Martin Price: I am
Martin Price: You know, computers have been locking up at work today too so
Martin Price: It's just like this whole coronavirus thing is like throwing the whole country off kilter.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, the whole world. I mean,
Dominique Pozo: This isn't global. Right. Well, it's pretty it's pretty wild that we're living through this
Martin Price: Yeah, there were going to they they're really encouraged us to go home and work remotely, but I don't have the
Martin Price: What would you call it the bandwidth or whatever. I don't have that good at Internet and
Martin Price: You know the stuff we work with is just takes gobbles up so much space that you got to be on their network, you know, so
Martin Price: I want to go into work. I like I don't do very well working remotely.
Dominique Pozo: Hmm, well, so are you in Santa Fe. Now, or
Martin Price: No, I made it back to
Martin Price: Wisconsin. I flew back Sunday or Wednesday morning, and it's kind of nice because my daughter.
Martin Price: Came down the one that's at the mental illness and she's doing a lot better. And so she stayed about 10 days. And so I got to see her. And, um,
Martin Price: Yeah, I am friendly.
Martin Price: You know, got out of that relationship. So that was
Martin Price: Yeah, she was and she just was unable to tell the truth that anything
Dominique Pozo: That was a big step on your part. What, what really kind of kick started you and in that direction.
Martin Price: It's just like it just became more and more about, you know, my mortgages. Do I gotta getting
Martin Price: Whatever got a family car, this and that and it was like
Martin Price: It just wasn't about a relationship anymore. It was just about her needs, you know, on her.
Martin Price: Trying to supplement her paycheck. So
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: You know i i. So, I was fairly proud of myself. I, I wrote her a letter, actually, and then
Martin Price: We talked on the phone. After that, and then she kept trying to like
Martin Price: Call get all the therapist and try and get a hold of me through the therapist and then got a different phone and called me from that. And I'm like, you know,
It's well
Martin Price: You're just like to
Martin Price: Read here, whatever. It's like it's, you know,
Martin Price: That's about it. Zero funding for me to be just an ATM to somebody. You're not even if it's not like my daughter, my wife or something.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, totally. So how did you leave it because I know you had left her a bunch of money for her school did you come up with some sort of payment plan that you wanted to have in place.
Martin Price: No, I went and saw a lawyer and will probably submit what's called a demand letter.
Martin Price: But
Martin Price: Who knows what will come of it. I
Martin Price: I just have to wait and see. Like for me, just you know obsessing about it and everything like that. I just got so tired of it that I mean it was easier just to kind of like
Martin Price: I guess it could have been. I could have, like, stuck with her and like editor editor ending up owning my house. I had done her. She just like kept working the whole single mom three kids taking care of her mom beat in her previous marriage, just on and on and
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: Since like a
Martin Price: Broken record.
Dominique Pozo: Well, this is a big A big step for you. How do you feel now, having done that.
Martin Price: Um, I was really upset about it for several weeks just really kind of like brokenhearted or, you know,
Martin Price: Just like, Oh, she didn't have feelings for me at all not she just one of the money, but it's kind of weird. After you talk to somebody on the phone for literally every day for a year.
Dominique Pozo: Trading jacks and everything and
Martin Price: You get
Martin Price: I don't know what it was. I don't
Martin Price: It's like, I guess I wanted to be in a relationship so badly that
Martin Price: I wasn't looking at it objectively.
Martin Price: And so I feel I'm doing a lot better now. And plus, I'm really tapering back on the Cupid orphan that for me feels really good. You know, I feel like my spirits kind of coming back.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, great.
Martin Price: Because I feel like it kind of numbs you It numbs your emotions, you know, I mean,
Martin Price: Which for the past two weeks I was grateful for.
Dominique Pozo: Right, right. Kind of like
Martin Price: I need to deal with it.
Martin Price: And not use like the buprenorphine.
Martin Price: Kill the pain.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: Hello, that stuff's not really supposed to do that but
I feel like it.
Dominique Pozo: Well, well, what would you like to focus on today. We've got, we still have plenty of time.
Martin Price: I don't know, I feel much better and stronger.
Martin Price: talked to Dr. Kim Dale this afternoon, and we're going to try a much cheaper medication and
Martin Price: Because I talked to another guy about
Martin Price: Said via text or whatever. And he said it was pretty easy for him. Just to taper down and stop it.
Martin Price: Was it was, it wasn't that hard for him to just stop.
Dominique Pozo: You know, and
Martin Price: So I switched to swimming, but it's like
Martin Price: You know, for me, like, I need to like focus on that taking care of myself and not
Martin Price: You know, kind of my whole cycle is I get a lot of anxiety and my way of dealing with things like exercise really hard. And then my joints like my hips and everything.
Martin Price: ache and then I do medicine and
Martin Price: Then I started taking up swimming and that's really helped a lot.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: But I don't know, maybe like self acceptance or I been trying to meditate, a lot and
Martin Price: Especially in the morning when I wake up I wake up really early like at five. I'll just like
Martin Price: Trying meditate.
Dominique Pozo: Push up my
Martin Price: Mind down. You know, it's just like that endless tape, sometimes it won't stop.
Martin Price: So I don't know what to tell you.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I have I'm having a kind of a really loose idea of doing a little art around that and having like a mind bubble and then having various bubbles and kind of drawing out the
Dominique Pozo: Like maybe main five bubbles. If there's five
Dominique Pozo: bubbles that have your mind going in circles. What are those
Dominique Pozo: Are you willing to to do that and give that a try.
Martin Price: Yeah, like a cartoon.
Yep.
Dominique Pozo: Sure. Okay.
Martin Price: Do I need a piece of paper.
Dominique Pozo: Yes.
Dominique Pozo: So, so just dry your head.
Dominique Pozo: Just dry your head and then a few little dots going in different directions, and then a bubble around just empty bubble and then fill five bubbles with what are the main the five main things that you're
Dominique Pozo: Using dealing with
Dominique Pozo: Or that keep kind of coming up when you're in that meditation process.
Dominique Pozo: Five. Yes.
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, what, what did you come up with
Martin Price: Lot of like fear of the future, what the future holds.
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: Then one of them was like betrayal.
Martin Price: finances are like
Martin Price: You know, big worry for me right now.
Martin Price: And then you know tapering off the medicine.
Martin Price: And forgiveness is one of the bubbles to like forgiving myself.
Martin Price: As well as her for being such a money grubber
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Forgiveness both ways.
Dominique Pozo: So now for each one. It can you write one number one and number two, either within the bubble or next to it. Just know that it relates to the bubble and what are two actions that you can take to address the bubble
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, to for each
Dominique Pozo: Okay, which ones are you kind of more drawn to
Martin Price: Well, fear of the future.
Martin Price: This like in just a moment. And, you know, all you have is today.
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Martin Price: Just try and not
Martin Price: Think about the future so much and don't
Martin Price: Worry about it. Just try and stay in the prison.
Dominique Pozo: And how will you do that.
Martin Price: I try and catch myself like going to that fearful place, you know,
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: say a prayer.
Dominique Pozo: Somewhere prayer.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: And then, you know, like forgiveness. I think like it's been trying to forgive myself, you know, as well as others her and because I don't want to become bitter you know about it. I just want to look at it as a lesson.
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: Let it guide me and future relationships. You know, like, don't, don't be so generous from the beginning.
Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: I
Martin Price: I got, you know, I've been married for so long that I just my whole mindset was
Martin Price: You know the guys supposed to work and take care of the woman, you know,
Martin Price: So that it just came very natural to me again.
Martin Price: And she portrayed herself as being really
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: The men are previous marriage and let's put the clothes on our back and you know isn't all this dad and
Martin Price: You know, I don't even know how much of it was true.
Martin Price: But so I was like the perfect
Martin Price: Partner for her because
Martin Price: I felt really sorry for
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, and I, I wonder if you if you break that down in percentages. How much have you actually felt sorry for her say imagine there's a big pie.
Dominique Pozo: And do pie slices, how much you felt sorry for her, how much you know felt good for you to be needed. How much you know of that was part of a worthiness piece and
Martin Price: Yeah, I don't know if it was half and half. But towards the end. And it was just all all about guilt and
Like
Martin Price: Feeling sorry for, you know, it wasn't like, you know, I, of course, I love to be called every day, you know, and all that, but then she started getting mad at me because I never called her
Martin Price: And she started you know saying I had plenty of time to text my buddies and not her. She got into this really weird.
Martin Price: Kind of
Martin Price: mode where I wasn't trying hard enough. And I was like, I wasn't trying hard enough, because I was getting so tired of the
Martin Price: Whole dynamics of the relationship, you know,
Huh.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: And if I brought up money, you know, and how, like all she ever did was ask for money, she would get mad defensive and
Martin Price: You don't know what it's like and all that stuff. So wasn't healthy relationship for me it didn't serve me
Dominique Pozo: Doesn't sound like you were receiving much empathy and
Dominique Pozo: Understanding
Martin Price: In the beginning it was pretty good. The first six months were really good and then
Martin Price: Then it was like when I let her the money for the business. That's when it seemed to kind of start going downhill from there.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: I'm just really, you know, trying to put it behind me and
Martin Price: Like work on taking care of myself.
Dominique Pozo: It sounds like you learned, like you got a lesson from that of what you
Dominique Pozo: Probably won't recreate next time.
Martin Price: Right, right. I don't want to go there again.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. What's another bubble that has your attention.
Martin Price: Um,
Martin Price: Well, like the the tapering off the medicine. You know, I wrote slowly and then it feels like my spirit is emerging, you know, so I just kind of feel like
Martin Price: Surrounded by natural
Martin Price: Energy
Martin Price: Anybody's come back or something.
Martin Price: And I'm adding like as much of a thong.
Martin Price: It's only been a few days, so I can't you know
Martin Price: It's not like I've conquered it but
Martin Price: I just
Martin Price: I'm feeling pretty good with that. And I guess I'm saying
Dominique Pozo: That's great, this is
Martin Price: I mean it's not until you stop taking it entirely that should get, you know, you can go through a lot of depression and everything, but
Martin Price: Right now, it's really not too damn
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Well, good. Well, at least you know we'll even when you stop taking it, you can still come to group and we can still have sessions to keep giving you the court in case you know in case it may not happen, but just in case something kind of crashes for you.
Martin Price: Yeah, I
Martin Price: Have never tried to stop taking this step before I like pain pills. It was pretty hard to stop to stop it to recover from those
Martin Price: I don't know about this stuff. We'll see.
Dominique Pozo: So it sounds like there's some apprehension around like even though you're feeling good. Now you're appreciating it. There's a little apprehension about what's on the horizon. When you do
Martin Price: Yeah, cuz I still it's really long lasting in it.
Martin Price: It takes a few days to get out of your system, you know, and but that's why, you know, it just seems like everyone's saying, do it, do it fairly slowly.
Martin Price: You know, don't try and do it all in one day or something, you know, and
Martin Price: So I was just, you know, pretty surprised that I actually felt better taking last, you know,
Martin Price: So that's kinda interesting right there, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, well it's I think it's really
Dominique Pozo: Encouraging to notice that your energies coming back and you're feeling kind of an innate vitality returning
Martin Price: Yeah, like my spirits coming back to
Dominique Pozo: What we're to action steps around the tapering did you have
Martin Price: It was just one was to do it slowly and
Martin Price: Well, I put down feels like my spirit is an emerging you know I prayed a lot. I just keep praying
Dominique Pozo: Some more about to prayer, the prayer sounds like a really big resource for you.
Martin Price: Yeah, I like pray a lot. Yeah.
Martin Price: Like repetitive prayer when I go to bed and
Martin Price: It's just kind of weird, you know, it's like
Martin Price: I'm so immersed in my own little drama, you know, and there's all this huge
Martin Price: stuff going on in the world.
And
Martin Price: people losing their life savings and getting sick and all that. And I don't know, I just feel like I need to kind of open up and be, get out of my little
Martin Price: Shell
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Something like that makes sense. At this time, when so much has been asked of us if we are healthy and strong and others are struggling. It makes sense.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: I don't know. I think you can like
Martin Price: You know, I just don't really want to be on this medicine for years, you know. Yeah.
Martin Price: I don't
Martin Price: I don't know. I'll do my best.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: What's another one.
Martin Price: Well, that was close to it, financial difficulties was a bad one, like I'm trying to refinance my house and keep working, and maybe increase my hours to, you know,
Martin Price: You know, maybe I can get like 45 or 50 hours a week and
Martin Price: Then I'll be doing pretty well. I make I do pretty well fun you know make good money, but I just gotten really bad debt and
Martin Price: Know it wasn't just that ex girlfriend. It was like setting my daughter to this.
Martin Price: Great place for schizophrenia and just all kinds of stuff like that. It's amazing how quickly you can burn through money. I didn't, I just couldn't believe it.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: So that was another job gargantuan lesson for me is to, like, you know, I'm 60 years old and I need to start focusing on retirement.
Martin Price: So I think that like one of the one of the balloons is betrayal and
Martin Price: You know, like it was sort of about don't take it personally and
Martin Price: Try not to go to anger and resentment, you know,
Martin Price: It's kind of weird. Like right now I just feel like it's you know 1500 miles away, and there's nothing I can do about it and
Martin Price: You know, it's not going to help me to sit there and obsess about it or
Like
Martin Price: Turn like turn my resentment towards her, or whatever.
Martin Price: So yeah, I'm pretty surprised. Like right now I just feel pretty calm, collected. You know, it's a pretty good.
Dominique Pozo: You know, I think I may have mentioned it in a group before maybe an even in our session that, you know, anger, if it's expressed in a
Dominique Pozo: in a responsible way. It's actually a very healthy emotion that often, you know, speaking to a boundary that's been crossed
Dominique Pozo: So, you know, I just don't want to skip over your anger. I think resentment can be toxic make someone. Second, of course, if you're obsessing over how angry you are. That's not going to really
Dominique Pozo: Make your life any better yet, I just want to validate that if you've experienced that your boundaries been crossed in some way. The anger, it's healthy. It's a healthy expression.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's weird because my spiritual counselors, just like do you just gotta pray for every time you feel like that shadow
Martin Price: You know, you're going to the to the dark side of the shadow, you need to pray for and everything. So that's what I've been trying to do and
Martin Price: I don't know what's Ryan anymore.
Dominique Pozo: I just wanna
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I don't want to make anger this shadow emotions because it's not. It's a very human emotion. What do you when you tune in, regardless of what I say what your spiritual counselor says what feels true for you. Most true and see if you can get your mind out of the way.
Martin Price: And just
Martin Price: Is pretty disgusted with her, I guess, you know, so
Dominique Pozo: I'm gonna just validate that and actually give some space for you know that you feel disgusted. And maybe that that leads to a bit of repulsion. And, you know, turning away from and that's okay. It's totally valid.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's like I i just
Martin Price: For a while I had, you know, I really was like missing her and I wanted to like stop blocking your messages and talk to her and telling like tell her I still cared about her and that she, you know, but
Martin Price: I just realized that it was never ever going to turn into it.
Martin Price: There's no future in the relationship, you know,
Martin Price: So it's kind of
Martin Price: It's time to move on.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, and I think it's, it's totally if you really feel a genuine desire to pray for her beautiful. I just, I think, forcing something that's not really authentic seems
Dominique Pozo: Kind of like a waste of energy. I'd rather focus on you know where you do want to put your energy and sounds like you're moving forward and and definitely not skipping over what happened like
Martin Price: Yeah yeah I've definitely
Martin Price: Done enough counseling about it and thought about it enough. It's just kind of like, well, the past is behind you, you made a mistake, you know, on there's no sense beating yourself up and it just makes you depressed.
Martin Price: Yeah, I don't know what else to do.
Martin Price: I guess I'm just not an angry space right now I don't
Dominique Pozo: Know, that's fine, I, I'm actually wondering
Dominique Pozo: If you could now if I don't know if there's more room on your paper. But is there room in the chest area. Do you have, like, I know I said, draw your head is there room to go below and draw a little bit in your chest.
Martin Price: Chest, but I can
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and just draw that. And what is your heart space need
Dominique Pozo: You know, you're feeling body, your heart space, what would be really good medicine for your heart right now.
Dominique Pozo: And if you want to write or draw or if you have ideas just jot them down.
Martin Price: Well, you know, at first I was going to say to have someone love and care for me, not just for the money, you know, but
Martin Price: It's also about, you know, I am beginning to learn to appreciate my own company. You know, I kind of learned to love myself so
Martin Price: And you realize that
Martin Price: You know, I get the best I could. I tried to help somebody and they just got this sense of entitlement and just wanted more and more and more, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yes, yeah.
Martin Price: But yeah, there's still a part of me that would like to be in a, like a healthy relationship, you know, and
Martin Price: I have to admit I've been insanely dating sites and stuff like that. But wait.
Martin Price: And then just been real patient about it.
Martin Price: Cuz with my life. It's kind of become this like, work, work, work, you know,
Martin Price: It's like a
Martin Price: My finances are kind of a mess right now. And so it's like that's the one thing I can do that.
Martin Price: Helps me, you know, very tangible results.
Dominique Pozo: Oh,
Dominique Pozo: What's the one thing you can do
Martin Price: To work.
Martin Price: Toward paid
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah yeah
Martin Price: Yeah, and it's like a real
Martin Price: It's not like a relationship or like you put energy in and
Martin Price: You hope you get the same good energy out of it. You know, it's like
Martin Price: With work. You put the energy and and you get paid for it. It makes sense.
Dominique Pozo: I'm hearing two things I'm hearing one, the need for connection that you're doing. Yeah. And then I'm also hearing this need for, you know,
Dominique Pozo: More intimacy with yourself as well. So having
Dominique Pozo: Connection with yourself more and then with somebody on the outside. So I'm just curious how how that could look moving forward in a more balanced way. So it doesn't all go directly, you know that your attention energy doesn't get all directed towards somebody else.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Martin Price: I need to
Martin Price: Not just
Martin Price: Jump out of the frying pan into the fire.
Yeah.
Martin Price: I need to take my time and
Martin Price: You know, it's, it's just like on the weekend. What I guess what I'm trying to say is on the weekends I just basically work or I go work out, or I cook. I mean, I don't have a very exciting existence.
Martin Price: It's like kind of being in demand camp out at the construction site and
Martin Price: You know, it's just like literally being you know like in the West Texas oil fields or something. It's just a
Martin Price: Lot of guys a lot of construction going on and
Martin Price: You know, very
Martin Price: Rough and Tumble life lifestyle.
Dominique Pozo: Right, so I can see how having some connection with you know somebody through these dating sites, it's you know it's offering you some pleasure which is totally a very human need
Martin Price: Huh, yeah, to have a companion. I mean, I've made some friends here but not
Martin Price: Like a real close one.
Martin Price: Like my best friends still in Santa Fe and
Martin Price: And I've been going back like once a month or something, but it's
Martin Price: You know, I need to. Yeah, I need some like
Martin Price: Human Interaction, I guess you'd say,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, definitely.
Dominique Pozo: The fight.
Martin Price: For credo bacon, you know, with a buddy to, you know, it doesn't have to be a girlfriend.
Dominique Pozo: I'm going to really encourage that, you know, when I hear you say it's like jumping out of the frying pan into the fire. I think, you know, starting with some, you know, that will, I believe, meet some needs the connection outside of work some joy.
Dominique Pozo: You know, pleasure on different levels with a with a buddy.
Right.
Dominique Pozo: I
Martin Price: Just really haven't done one yet.
Dominique Pozo: How do you think you can
Dominique Pozo: Make a little more space for that to happen in your life.
Martin Price: Or opportunities like
Martin Price: You know I'm in a new town and it's like
Martin Price: On a construction site. And it's like, so how do you meet you know I get along really well with the guys at work. They're mostly younger than I am.
Martin Price: Yeah, I just don't know.
Martin Price: Be good for me to make a friend.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's, that's what I'm hearing. Yeah.
Martin Price: I'll keep trying.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I think you're great Martin. I just want to really acknowledge that you've made some big changes you taking steps and I I totally have faith that you know you're moving in certain directions with a lot of
Dominique Pozo: Intention
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean,
Martin Price: Getting out of that relationship was the first step. And then, you know,
Martin Price: Focusing on recovery and tapering you know from medicine and
Martin Price: I don't know, it's just like I kind of part of me. I do just have to kind of
Martin Price: bear it. You know, really it's just kind of a hard time
You know,
Martin Price: That I wish I could be in Santa Fe. Let me put it that way.
Martin Price: You know, and so it's just, I'm trying to make the best of it.
Dominique Pozo: Well, that's a good thing to keep in mind that you'd rather be in Santa Fe and maybe in time, you can make that shift again.
Martin Price: Yeah. And yeah, I guess. I know a guy that he really likes to bicycle and I'd like to do that.
Martin Price: Maybe I can find some hookups that way.
Dominique Pozo: Well, sounds great. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, something like that.
Martin Price: I mean,
Martin Price: You know, all in all, and making it through each and every day. I'm can't say that I'm happy joyous and free, but I'm doing you know better. And I'm taking steps to improve my
Martin Price: Life.
Dominique Pozo: So what would be the three main kind of gifts you can give to your heart. I've heard a number of things. I just wanted to steal it. If you could write down three main things that you could give your heart space moving your
Martin Price: Spirit in in
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, your, your heart, your spirit that that inside part that actually where that joy and happiness and freedom emanates from
Martin Price: Really like gratitude, be grateful.
Martin Price: Mm hmm. And then self love and
Martin Price: Prayer and spirituality and I have been going to a lot of these kind of evangelical
Martin Price: church services, you know, and I like those cool yeah so
Dominique Pozo: What do you like about them.
Martin Price: This, I don't know, it's just like a power of being in the group.
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: Right I you know they have like a band and
Martin Price: It's very Christian, you know, but it's
Martin Price: I don't care. I mean,
Dominique Pozo: Uplifting
Martin Price: Yeah, it is. And I, I really like the sermons and
Martin Price: And I didn't, you know, go into a few na meetings and stuff like that.
Martin Price: But they're kind of
Martin Price: Getting more few and far between, because the facilities are in are closing, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Right. I was just wondering if you would be able to still go to these services. These church services.
Martin Price: Yeah, well, that I had to do online this weekend, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Things.
Dominique Pozo: But they
Martin Price: Did their band gatherings and more than 50 people so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, but they still did it online.
Martin Price: Yeah, they did it online and then
Martin Price: Any meeting yesterday afternoon to somebody, listen.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Great.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I know it's gonna be a really interesting time moving forward just seeing how to stay connected and
Dominique Pozo: Not get to isolated.
Martin Price: Right, right. Because isolation for me is really bad. That's
Martin Price: I actually, you know, work for me is is healthy for me because I, you know, keeps me around other people
Martin Price: Yeah. And because I isolation is like a really, if you're like trying to sort of recover and, you know, make your life better and everything like that. I don't, I don't think it's about staying at home and being alone, that's for sure.
Martin Price: Yeah, not for me anyway.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Martin Price: I don't know anything.
Martin Price: You know I know intellectually like all the recovery things to do and everything like that. And I just have to like
Martin Price: Keep keep up my spiritual practice and prayer.
Dominique Pozo: So what did you do write down three specifics around your heart.
Martin Price: Was gratitude self love and prayer set in prayer spirituality
Dominique Pozo: Great. That's a really solid things to focus on
Yeah.
Martin Price: I think if I can. He perspective, you know, I'm not starving. You know, I've got a good job. My daughter's doing a lot better with her schizophrenia and, you know, all those things and stay in gratitude, rather than just, you know, same, to hell with the world, you know,
Martin Price: God must hate me to
Martin Price: Put me in a relationship like that or something or
Martin Price: I just don't want to go there, you know. Yeah.
Martin Price: So are you in Hawaii now.
Martin Price: I am, yeah. What is it like 10 in the morning or
Dominique Pozo: Oh no, it's almost three in the afternoon.
Martin Price: Oh, yes. Okay. All right. You're like four hours behind us, or something.
Yeah, we're
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, that we had a guy that was supposed to go to the Virgin Islands today, to go like snorkeling with his buddies, but he would had to be in quarantine for 14 days before they'd let him, you know,
Martin Price: travel freely around the islands, so
Martin Price: I wish they lubrication
Dominique Pozo: I wish they would do that here you know I we I feel super vulnerable here on the island and we there's yeah it's just
Martin Price: Because there's so many people flying in and out.
Dominique Pozo: Well, the it's dropped a lot tourism has dropped a lot, although there still are people flying flying over and
Dominique Pozo: I, yeah, I really wish they would make it much harder to get in here because at the moment we're I think we're doing okay. There's only only been a couple cases here.
Dominique Pozo: I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: What yeah
Martin Price: Well, they kind of were going crazy about it here. So it's like a day to day thing so
Martin Price: Is staying in gratitude is really important.
Dominique Pozo: Definitely me
Dominique Pozo: About the forgiveness piece that one. I didn't, I didn't hear any of your actions are on the forgiveness.
Martin Price: It was just, it was forgiveness of myself.
Martin Price: You know, for
Martin Price: Kind of like letting her guilt me into
Martin Price: Like
Martin Price: To keep giving your money and then stay in this relationship that I wasn't, you know, I liked her. But I, you know, just just became this huge guilt thing you know and and that just became what she was all about. So I'm, you know, to me it's like forgiveness of myself for
Martin Price: Letting it go on for so long.
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Martin Price: You give me your money and
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: Just, again, to me it's like I'm trying not to become bitter. I don't want to like live the rest of my gaze Peter about this thing that happened, you know, it's
Martin Price: I just kind of want to like accept it as the past and
Martin Price: Try and look towards the future, you know,
Martin Price: That's the only way I can
Martin Price: I don't want to sit there and dwell on it every day.
Dominique Pozo: That sounds healthy, you know, not being in denial and kind of bypassing it yet also not giving it so much energy
Martin Price: Yeah, I went through a lot of them.
Martin Price: Probably been for like a month there. I was really enjoying really low periods, you know, very depressed and
Martin Price: I don't know, I just got tired of being that way.
Martin Price: So hopefully my little spirits coming out.
Dominique Pozo: Well how powerful that you can just choose to not do that, you know, some people that are suffering from depression. They can't pull themselves out. Or at least that's what I hear. So
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. You know how I think what a it just speaks to your resilience and you know your capacity to actually control your mind to a point to not not really sink in and get stuck there.
Martin Price: Well, I knew that the medicine helps with depression. For me, that's for sure.
Martin Price: Uh huh. So yeah, and
Martin Price: Like I remember it like once I stopped before it probably took you know bad two, three weeks before you even start to sleep, you know,
Martin Price: Uh huh. It can be pretty pretty heavy duty. So we'll see what happens. I'm kind of just like on a little pink cloud today, I guess. And so
Martin Price: Well, enough about that.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, enjoy that. And it's, I think those pink cloud days they are little openings to keep reminding self of the things that are helpful because you can access them when you're in the pink cloud. And then you can go back and remember
Martin Price: Yeah, yeah, just to know that it's like depression is temporary.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: That's just about kind of sums it up for me today.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Well, I just want to honor your time and you know we did start late. We started like
Dominique Pozo: About 10 minutes late, and we still have it's only 657 so
Dominique Pozo: Let's do you want to look at the calendar, we can start with that.
Martin Price: Yeah. Or like, do you like other meditation or something. I like doing that.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's do that for sure.
Dominique Pozo: Do you want to look at the calendar first so you don't have to think after the meditation.
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean, we could do you want to do two weeks from tonight means
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, this works great. So I'm gonna just put it into my calendar.
Dominique Pozo: Let's see.
Dominique Pozo: So that would be the 30th.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Okay.
Martin Price: 6pm Mountain Standard Time.
Martin Price: Yes. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: On the 30th.
Dominique Pozo: My computer is so slow today. It's just, everything's. There we go. Just went in. Okay, great.
Dominique Pozo: Okay dokey.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's do a meditation, so
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so just go ahead and close your eyes, if that feels good for you today and
Dominique Pozo: Just taking a few deep breaths without
Dominique Pozo: Without trying to do anything.
Dominique Pozo: Or move you mind anywhere just focusing on the breath.
Dominique Pozo: Really noticing that inhale. And what happens as you inhale, what parts of your body.
Dominique Pozo: are raised and lifted up.
Dominique Pozo: And then as you exhale, what happens
Dominique Pozo: With the exhalation.
Dominique Pozo: And then starting to scan from the top of your head.
Dominique Pozo: Kind of moving down your forehead and the back of your skull and noticing what you feel and sense in your
Dominique Pozo: facial area, your facial muscles, the bones in your cranium and your jaw your mouth.
Dominique Pozo: And down into the throat.
Dominique Pozo: Your neck a front of your through
Dominique Pozo: Down into the chest.
Dominique Pozo: And then really using that exhale to drop any muscles that you might be feeling tension in from your cranium to the upper chest right now, just use that exhale and drop
Dominique Pozo: Drop any of that tension down towards the ground, allowing gravity to just have it.
Dominique Pozo: And then moving from the chest down to the belly.
Dominique Pozo: I'm feeling the belly release with the exhale
Dominique Pozo: And then move in your attention to the low back.
Dominique Pozo: Just noticing what's going on and not low back down into the sacred
Dominique Pozo: And the pelvis.
Dominique Pozo: And then moving your attention to the hip flexor, so those are the muscles around your glutes.
Dominique Pozo: And just with the exhale. Just imagine that you're just giving them a little more relaxation
Dominique Pozo: so your hips can kind of drop and spread open and really allowing for some space and breath to move into the hips.
Dominique Pozo: If you can imagine that, you know, if you can imagine breathing deeply into the hip space.
Dominique Pozo: And then sweeping down from the hips to the knees.
Dominique Pozo: Just paying attention to what you feel.
Dominique Pozo: On both upper legs.
Dominique Pozo: And then from the knees down to the ankles.
Dominique Pozo: Just noticing the sensations on both shins.
Dominique Pozo: Into the feet.
Dominique Pozo: Taking a big, full body. Inhale, from head to toe. Just imagine you're inhaling filling all the space of your body and then exhaling out and as you exhale, it's like rays of light coming out in every direction. Go ahead and do that a few more times. So, inhaling from head to toe.
Dominique Pozo: Filling that inner space with fresh breath.
Dominique Pozo: And then exhale, in
Dominique Pozo: Completely
Dominique Pozo: And just imagining that you're this vessel, you're, you're like a vessel that is receiving input and
Dominique Pozo: Energy and
Dominique Pozo: sounds, smells visual images, all the time, your vessels, you know, receiving that and then your vessel can also release anything that it doesn't want
Dominique Pozo: So just clearing and kind of sweeping your vessel clean and making room for what you do want
Dominique Pozo: Great. So really using that breath to sweep your, your vessel clear
Dominique Pozo: Making space.
Martin Price: Me sleepy.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, good. Great. Okay.
Martin Price: Well, thank you. And then we'll see in a couple weeks.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Sounds good. Well, I'll see you in group.
Martin Price: All right.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Okay. Take care. Martin. Yeah. Good job. I think you're doing great. I just want to say, okay, thank you. Okay. All right. Bye bye.